Update README.md (#6)
Garllon/mentorship: README.md

Maybe you need to add `sudo` in front of the commands to run it with sudo permissions.

Before you start with lesson 1 now, have a look at this video.
[How to make a sandwich](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U3TsVz_pJf4&t=136s&ab_channel=DigitalDixie).

> You get a funny introduction how a computer works and that the compunter can not do assumptions. :)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get a funny introduction about how a computer works and that the computer will only (literally) do what you tell it to do. :)
```
